Let's cut through the BS. Most people
talking about crypto have no idea what
they're actually talking about. I'm
Dylan Grabowski and on the Smart Economy
podcast, we don't do surface level hype.
We dig deep with the actual builders
creating the infrastructure for
tomorrow's economy. Chad Berford from
Thor Chain isn't afraid to tell you why
your wrapped assets could disappear
overnight. David Hoffman breaks down the
ethical tightroppe that bankless walks
while building a crypto media empire.
Think Bitcoin is a dinosaur? Tell that
to Fisheru, whose protocol at Babylon
has over $3.3 billion of Bitcoin
securing other networks. Or to Alexi
Zamyatin, whose project Bob is combining
Bitcoin's security with Ethereum's
programmability.
Web 3 gaming has a reputation problem
and Rebecca Laauo knows this. She's
proving that games can be fun and
sustainable without forcing NFTts down
players throats or promising get-richqu
schemes. The problems with traditional
funding are obvious, but the solutions
are not. That's why Meg Listister at
Gitcoin is revolutionizing grant
distribution through quadratic funding.
Enterprise blockchain isn't just a
buzzword when SunnyLoo is involved. The
former Louis Vuitton CIO is bringing
Vchain solutions to global brands.
Crosschain user experience is a
nightmare and FIG from Squid is trying
to solve it. Regulation and crypto seem
like oil and water, but Eli Cohen at
Centrifuge is proven that the two can
mix. By navigating complex laws, they're
bringing T- bills and other realworld
assets on chain, bridging traditional
lending. Sid Powell's Maple Finance is
showing how loans backed by assets
uncorrelated with crypto can bring
stability to DeFi. The Smart Economy
podcast is not about chasing hype cycles
or feeding bull market delusions. It's
about understanding what's actually
being built beneath the surface noise.
Subscribe now and your understanding of
the space will never be the same.